[Music]
hi
hello welcome back to another video i
hope you're having a lovely day so far
in today's video i'm to be showing you
how i make my favorite
high protein chocolate protein brownie
muffins
this recipe is honestly a game changer
and i absolutely love chocolate brownies
so i wanted to make them in like a
muffin form and of course high protein
so i'm just going to jump straight into
it i'll show you what we need
for this one you want to start by
preheating your oven
to about 180 degrees for the recipe
you're going to need like one sort of
medium sized
sweet potato about 160 grams um
nut butter of choice i'm just going for
almond butter this time around
some vanilla essence flavor drops some
baking powder some whey protein i'm
going for the chocolate brownie flavor
however
literally any flavor like vanilla
cookies and cream would also
work the same i just wanted it to be
extra chocolatey with this one
then i'm just using some raw cacao
powder you could also use that hot
chocolate powder just whatever you
prefer
you're also going to need some honey or
any alternative syrup
and lastly just some muffin cases and
also
fry light or some sort of like olive oil
spray
just to line them up in cases so it
doesn't stick just before we jump
straight into the video i'd really
appreciate it if you could hit the like
button it just helps and
supports my channel and is really
appreciated
so the sweet potato weighs 160 grams so
i'm just going to
grate this
and just to mention so this recipe makes
six
muffins you could obviously double it if
you want to make 12.
so a sweet potato takes about 15 to 20
minutes
to steam and just whilst i'm waiting for
that i'm just gonna mix up the rest of
the ingredients
measuring out 60 grams of almond butter
that's 20 grams of honey
and then next up is a scoop of frozen
30 grams of protein
and then about 12 grams of cacao powder
[Music]
a few drops of vanilla essence
lastly just some baking powder just a
quarter of a
teaspoon and then we're just gonna mix
all this i'm just gonna give this
a mix together before i add the sweet
potato
i don't like what protein you use i'm
just going to add a dash of milk
this almond unsweetened
[Music]
just to stop the batter like sticking
i'm just going to spray this like fry
light spray
[Music]
and i'm just going to sprinkle some
chocolate chips
but the muffins have just gone in the
oven they take between like 10
and sort of 15 minutes so just keep a
good eye on them and literally such a
good
little protein hack like if you don't
really like taking the protein shake so
really nice like pre or pro
pro pre opposed workout snack or even
like dessert
so we've just come out the oven and they
took like
just about between 14 and 15 minutes
[Music]
so here are the finished chocolate
brownie
muffins there was such a nice
consistency
like sort of between a muffin and a
brownie
um so yeah really like gooey and moist
in
the middle and yeah really happy with
how they turned out and i think the
chocolate on the top makes all the
difference as well
so that brings us to the end of this
video
i really hope you enjoyed this one and
do let me know if you try any of the
recipes over on my instagram or in the
comments down below
let me know what other videos you would
like to see next and if you haven't
already i'd love you to
stick around by joining the firm and
subscribing to
my channel and also liking this video
and i'll see you guys in
the next video